Tonie someone dies on your watch you
don't give up who said we're giving up
we are for not taking responsibility for
our actions
this document just shifts the blame
sorry Steve that that is dangerously
arrogant this is the United Nations
we're talking about it's not the world
Security Council it's not shield it's
not hydrant but it's run by people with
agendas and agendas change that's good
that's why I'm here when I realized what
my weapons were capable of in the wrong
hands I shut it down stop manufacture
oniy you chose to do that if we sign
this we surrender our right to choose
what if this panel sends us somewhere we
don't think we should go what if there
somewhere we need to go and they don't
let us we may not be perfect but the
safest hands are still our own if we
don't do this now it's gonna be done to
us later